a leader is steady firm decisive
unwavering
never let him see his sweat always have
an answer
[Music]
my name is dan i'm a partner at a global
creative consultancy
but there's another side to me carrie
dragshaw
the character i created on instagram as
i thought about my double life
i couldn't help but wonder when your
true self is a little non-traditional
how much of it can you really bring to
the office
for some of us is authenticity off
limits
for the first 10 years of my career i
thought there was one way to be
a leader decisive and serious but that's
not me
so i'd put on basically office drag to
fit the role like talk in a deeper voice
try to hold in my hand motions
i'm someone who gets really excited
about things so i'd temper that
i had this little voice in my head
telling me you're too gay
too feminine too flamboyant i had one
well-intentioned advisor who said
everyone knows you're gay and that's
great
but you don't need to beat them over the
head with it
cut to me in a tutu for halloween 2016
i dressed up as my favorite tv show
character carrie bradshaw
thinking my friends would get a kick out
of it and then things got crazy
the post went viral and at first it was
pure fun i started getting these
incredible messages from people about
how happy it made them how it encouraged
them to be their authentic selves and i
started to think
maybe this is the time to tell that
little voice in my head to just shut
up and let myself be me
but then things got a little too big
carrie dragshaw was everywhere in the
new york post
us weekly and i got terrified what would
my bosses think would my co-workers
still respect me as a leader what would
my
clients think i thought i was gonna have
to get a different job
but then something happened something
small i got a text from my boss it
wasn't long it just said
wow cosmo with a link to an article that
had just gone up about me
and it let me put that little scared
voice away
and just be excited about this whole new
world rather than
freaked out that's the power of one
person sometimes
all it takes is one ally to make you
feel comfortable
and my co-workers started acting
differently they became more open more
playful with me it was as if knowing
this other side of me gave them
permission to be more of themselves as
well
i thought that openness and
vulnerability would actually decrease my
standing with my team
but it's done the opposite two years in
i never could have imagined that this
part of me would not just be
embraced but could actually help my
career
now i'm lucky i work in new york city
in an office where creativity is valued
and i was already
pretty established in my career when all
of this started
maybe that's you maybe it isn't but all
of this has taught me so much about just
the importance of bringing your whole
self to work
and it's really challenged my own
misperceptions about what it takes to be
successful
there's no one kind of way to be a
leader it's about finding
your strengths and finding ways to
amplify them
before if a meeting was hard i'd put on
my perfect leader mask
now i can say gosh that was frustrating
we can talk about challenges and
struggles in an open way
rather than everybody pretending that
they're fine until it's too late
concealing an identity takes work
think of all the wasted energy spent
pretending
wishing you were someone different
what's most interesting to me though is
that in this big study of
covering 93 of those who say they're
doing it
also believe their organization values
inclusion
so clearly our workplaces and all of our
strange inner voices have a long way to
go on acceptance
there's a big difference between
adapting
and disguising and i think i learned
that a little late
personally i'm taking all of this as a
call to be the ally who
like my boss did for me lets people know
that it's okay to open up
if you're gay or proud of your ethnic
background or have a disability or are
deeply religious
see what it's like being your full self
at work
you might be pleasantly surprised
[Music]
[Applause]
you